Provisioning an environment is, is again kind of a journey,
so we're going to do that together,
and we'll do it kind of manually so we can see the
different pieces and how they fit together.
But at a high level,
you're first going to decide which AWS region you're going to run your code in.
It's usually best to be geographically close to where your users are,
and there's ways to run your application in multiple regions,
which we're not going to get into.
But we'll select a region,
whether it's US East Virginia or US West to Oregon or whatever,
it doesn't really matter,
and then we will then create a user with permissions to allow us to
essentially create the Amazon EC2 environment that we need and allow us to
deploy new versions of our application and things like that.
So we'll create an AWS user,
and that user will be assigned credentials that we will use to configure
a command line client to access Amazon on our behalf,
which is part of the exercise that we'll be doing shortly.
Next, we're going to be creating an Elastic Beanstalk environment,
and environment is basically a fully functional version of your --- like a fully
functional like execution environment for your application.
So typically you'll have multiple environments.
You might have like a development, a staging,
and a production environment,
and those environments might be configured slightly differently.
They might use different sized EC2 instances,
use different sizes or configurations of RDS,
that sort of thing.
So we'll create an environment, in this case,
we'll just create one environment to start with,
and then that will be added to a security group.
And a security group is a construct within Amazon that
defines like which resources within your Amazon account
can communicate with one another.
So, our RDS instance and our Elastic Beanstalk instances,
like the EC2 instances managed there, will be part of the same security group,
which means that our instances can connect to our
RDS instance that we'll create,
but the outside world can't directly connect to the RDS instance.
So we'll create both an EB environment and an RDS instance,
add them to the same security group,
and then we have to configure that security group to
allow incoming connections to Postgres.
And then we need to deploy our application,
an application version, and then potentially we profit.
So it's a long journey, and there's a lot of things that you can screw up,
which is why I've been super, super nervous about this component of the workshop,
but I have done it three or four times over the course of the week,
so I'm like 94% sure this is going to work. So let's do this thing.